Improve authorization docs (#2376)
SAP/luigi: plugins/auth/public/auth-oauth2/README.md

})
```

> For **Angular-based** applications, the `callback.html` file can be copied using copy-webpack-plugin. Include the following in your webpack configuration file:

Reviewer: Link copy-webpack-plugin toits link
https://www.npmjs.com/package/copy-webpack-plugin

> For **Angular-based** applications, the `callback.html` file can be copied using [copy-webpack-plugin](https://www.npmjs.com/package/copy-webpack-plugin). Include the following in your webpack configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 We provide a `callback.html` file through our `plugin-auth-oauth2` package. This `callback.html` file resides in `node_modules/@luigi-project/plugin-auth-oauth2/callback.html` and needs to be copied to a folder in your Luigi Core installation, which is the return path for the IdP provider, configured through the `redirect_uri` setting. The default location of `redirect_uri` is `/assets/auth-oauth2/callback.html`.

The examples given below give some alternatives on how to copy this file in your project. However, you may choose your own way of copying the `callback.html` file to the default location depending on your environment.

For applications involving a webpack configuration, one way to copy the `callback.html` file is using packages such as [copy-webpack-plugin](https://www.npmjs.com/package/copy-webpack-plugin) and then including the following in your webpack configuration file:
```

  ]
}
```

> For more simple scenarios such as Luigi setup without a framework, you can use any copy plugin to copy the `callback.html` file. An example is given below using copyfiles:

Reviewer: Link **copyfiles** --> https://www.npmjs.com/package/copyfiles

> For more simple scenarios such as Luigi setup without a framework, you can use any copy plugin to copy the `callback.html` file. An example is given below using [copyfiles](https://www.npmjs.com/package/copyfiles):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of a basic Luigi setup without a framework, you can use any copy plugin to copy the `callback.html` file and then modify the `package.json` script to copy the file when building. One package that could be helpful is [copyfiles](https://www.npmjs.com/package/copyfiles). Following is an example:
```
